When you have an application running, you need some sort of server to host it. You can have a server in your premises or in a cloud based 
environment. The main question here is what happens to your application if something happens to your server? 

AWS answers to this question with a global infrastructure. First of all, the global infrastructure is seperated into regions. Regions are 
distrubuted accross the globe to meet the requirements of the businesses. As a user, we have the ability to choose the region in which we
will operate our business using AWS services. The capacity, services, and pricing differ from one region to another because of local laws and 
regulations as well as other reasons.

Before making a decision in terms of which region to choose, there are several criterias to consider.

1. Compliance with local regulations and requirements
For example, governments can require specific businesses, such as banks to keep all the data within the country. So you must have a data center 
inside the country.

2.Procimity to your customers
It is always a good business approcah to choose a regıon that is closest to your customer base to reduce latency.

3. Services 

As mentioned earlier, not all regions offer all the servşces. So it is wise to check for services that are offered in a region before moving on

4. Pricing

Regions offer different pricing because it differs to operate a regions. Some countries have more taxes so the pricing is more expensive


Now that we understand the regions we can continue to Availability Zones (AZ)

AWS have vnumerous data centers in all regions. A single data center or a grousp of data centers are called AZs. Each Availability Zone is one or
more discrete data centers with redundant power, networking, and connectivity. When you launch an Amazon EC2 instance, it launches a virtual
machine on a physical hardware that is installed in an Availability Zone. This means each AWS Region consists of multiple isolated and 
physically separate Availability Zones within a geographic Region.


